R5

Develop a statement of purpose and scope for your application. It must include:
- describe at a high level what the application will do
- identify the problem it will solve and explain why you are developing it
- identify the target audience
- explain how a member of the target audience will use it

statment of purpose

Have you ever played an old school adventure game for it to break the illusion when the consoles prompts you with "Don't understand this command".

Adventure games 

I had set out to create an experience that will hopefully give you full control over what you truely desire.

Not only being able to decide on what you want to say,

The story involves you waking up in a white room. The only thing there is an old toilet. Cables and wires come out from the porcal throne. What you won't know until you sit on it, is that the toilet is a time machine

the problem will solve boredom and hopefully make people laugh. Deep down, this idea is more of a test on human condition. For instance, giving people the option to do what they want will be an interesting concept. Most games will have restrictions on what you can do, whereas here, I will attempt to give feedom to the choices that people will make.

The test for human condition is interesting and may allow people to do stuff that would only be performed in the deep areas of the psyche. Let me give you an example

Let say you go back to Germany during World War 2. If given the choice, would you kill Hilter, or maybe you would try to kiss Hilter. While this option seems like a no brainer, this game may hopefully give you a 'what if' situation

the target audience is for people that love old school adventure games, or that are interested in history or how screwing up the past can have drastic effects on the present


FEATURES r6

being able to do anything. 
time travel!
possibly opening up the portals of the human psyche

How does this relate to code. 

I plan on using classes and methods to control the flow of the program.

For readabily I needed to call methods, and using the return function within a method works well

if statements and checking whether certain keywords are in
I also need to consider what if the user does enter wrong   


R7

How will the user find out how to interact with each feature

the terminal will ask of the user, as well as guiding the player to certain commands

The user will be able to enter commands

how errors - output via terminal



R8
develop diagram

R9





R10





















